Reject keychain certificates without a label on iOS SecureTransport (#5619)
zeroc-ice/ice: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed the server-side WebSocket opening handshake to reject messages that are not `GET` requests, as required by
  RFC 6455. A peer could previously trip an assertion by sending a response-shaped handshake.

### C++ Changes

- Fixed a crash in the iOS (SecureTransport) SSL transport: using `IceSSL.FindCert` to select a keychain

>   certificate that has no label attribute aborted the process during communicator initialization. Ice now reports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  certificate that has no label attribute could abort the process during communicator initialization. Ice now reports
```
